To be a leader, you must stand for something, or you will fall for anything.
Courage is facing your fears. Stupidity is fearing nothing.
Successful people tend to become more successful because they are always thinking about their successes.
To be a winner, all you have to give is all you have.
In every problem there is a hidden treasure inside. It’s your job to find it. 
Each morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most.
Make each day your masterpiece.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
It is never too late to be what you might have been
Great things never come from confort zones
Dream it. Wish it. Do it.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
The best way out is always through.
The best dreams happen when you’re awake.
We suffer more in imagination than in reality.
How we do anything is how we do everything.
Greatest of all weaknesses is the fear of appearing weak
Those who say it can not be done, should not interrupt people doing it
The root of all suffering, is our desire not to suffer.
There are decades where nothing happens; and there are weeks where decades happen.
Make your life a masterpiece, image no limitations on what you can be, have or do.
Don’t Let Yesterday Take Up Too Much Of Today.
You Learn More From Failure Than From Success. Don’t Let It Stop You. Failure Builds Character. 
People Who Are Crazy Enough To Think They Can Change The World, Are The Ones Who Do.
The Man Who Has Confidence In Himself Gains The Confidence Of Others.
Creativity Is Intelligence Having Fun.
What You Lack In Talent Can Be Made Up With Desire, Hustle And Giving 110% All The Time.
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
The desperate don’t ask. They do. 
You can do anything, but not everything.
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.
People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily.
If [more] information was the answer, then we’d all be billionaires with perfect abs.
We don't rise to the level of our expectations, we fall to the level of our training.
Today is cruel. Tomorrow is crueler. And the day after is tomorrow is beautiful
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles.
This too shall pass
Talk to yourself once in a day, otherwise you will miss meeting an excellent person in this wold.
Find your own damn quote!
To hell with circumstances, I create opportunity.
Your vibe attracts your tribe.
A comfort zone is a beautiful place but nothing ever grows there.
I know that I know nothing.
If you’re not scared, then you’re not taking a chance. If you’re not taking a chance, then what the hell are you doing anyway?
Worry is misuse of imagination.
Do it with passion or don’t do it at all.
Be a sadist. Enjoy your pain.
Take risks ,if you succeed ,you may lead ,If you fail ,you can guide
If you want to shine like a sun ,first burn like a sun
Work like someone is working 24 hours a day to take it away from you
Pupose fuels passion
If all you can do is crawl, start crawling
We have two lives, and the second begins when we realize we only have one.
If You Are Working On Something That You Really Care About, You Don’t Have To Be Pushed. The Vision Pulls You.
Time is invisible, so it’s easy to spend. It’s only near the end of our life that most of us will realize the value of time. Make sure you’re not too busy to pay attention to life.
It won't be easy, but it will be worth it.
Big dreams often have small beginnings.
An ounce of patience is worth more than a tonne of preaching.
The world can't be changed with pretty words alone.
Don’t rush things, they will happen when they are supposed to. Let things fall into place.
These mountains that you are carrying, you were only supposed to climb.
Shit happens. Every day. To everyone. The difference is in how people deal with it.
You are exactly where you need to be. Trust the process. Trust yourself.
You never know what someone is going through. Be kind. Always.
Every time you find some humor in difficult situation, you win.
Trust your gut, it knows what your head hasn’t figured out yet.
Your opinion on yourself becomes your reality.
You won’t get much done if you grind only on days you feel good.
Never stop doing your best just because someone doesn't give you credit.
If you can't fly run, if you can't run walk, if you can't walk crawl. But by all means keep moving.
If you don't imagine, nothing ever happens at all.
Learn to fight alone.
You dindn't come this far to come this far.
Don't just start. Continue. Ship. Repeat.
You get in life what you have the courage to ask for.
Do it, because it makes you happy.
The best moments usually occur when a person’s body or mind is stretched to its limits in a voluntary effort to accomplish something difficult and worthwhile.
Every time we choose safety, we reinforce fear.
A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.
Hearing a succession of mediocre singers does not add up to a single outstanding performance. Be the best.
If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said faster horses. - Henry Ford
Be willing to spend years, even your entire life on a challenging project until you succeed. Your resilience will enough to knockout failures from your way. 
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.
Life will fail people who work hard, but not people who work hard all the time.
Magic is not actually magic. It is just a bunch of intensive work done underneath the surface.
You have power over your mind — not outside events. Realise this, and you will find strength.
Any fool can know. The point is to understand.
New levels bring new devils. Stay unapologetically committed to your goals and let go of anyone who poisons your spirit.
What you do is what matters, not what you think or say or plan.

